Added prop blockDocument to block field in user profile page (#202)
vtex-apps/my-account: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added 

> - Added prop `blockDocument` to Enables or disables editing the document field in my account

Reviewer: Hi, first of all, thank you for your contribution. Just a couple of changes.
```suggestion
- Prop `blockDocument` to Enables or disables editing the document field in MyAccount
```

Author: @salesfelipe  Hey, how's it going? I made all the suggested adjustments! I'm available.

Reviewer: Good, what about yourself? I think you forgot to push the changes... Also, there is a conflict on the changelog

Author: I had commented before the push. Which branch should I update with, the master?

Author: resolved
